the way you advertise your round if
you're in our space is you say we raised
it to disrupt zoom info we had a product
and a team that can take us to the next
level
there's no platform out there that's
brought together the breath the depth
and the accuracy of business information
the way that we have
none of it is possible without the great
employees that we've hired along the way
i think when we went public it was a
major validating moment for everybody
what it cemented for me is if you get a
bunch of people together and you get
them to believe that they can basically
accomplish anything
kind of turns out they can
it's going to be hard that is the game
there's no way who you are today is who
you need to be a year from now i want to
build this company into an iconic
software company that's what we're
driving towards
[Music]
so thanks everybody for streaming in
after lunch having fun on day two
good time
um how many of you guys use zoom info
now or any of our products or have
before quick show of hands thank you i
appreciate that thank you
so we are lucky
we are lucky
uh we're lucky that henry happens to be
here in barcelona um which is great and
was able to drive by i think we're
especially fortunate um
to have the ceo of
zoom info here today because as iconic a
company it already is
um
it's very apropos for the time we're in
today right and we'll talk about at the
minute if you guys don't know i think
you were the first ipo after covet hit
right yes yeah the first weird one where
there's just you on zoom ringing the
bell all by you was it was that image
me and my wife pretending to hit a
button pretending to hit a button right
like peak lockdown which is crazy in and
of itself right yes um
and then
we're going to talk we're going to talk
henry was kind enough we did one of
these um during
peak covid during a digital event go
watch it it was great it was 10 mistakes
on the way to 400 billion we thought
we're here together henry wanted to
update it with new learnings about
getting to a billion in arr and almost
20 billion dollar market cap but
well maybe let me click to the next
slide but what we'll talk about some of
the metrics but what's not on this is
the operating margins of this company
yeah the operating mark and some of you
guys may not even know what an operating
margin is yet but zoom info has been
there are profitable companies and then
there are companies
that by their very nature generate
massive cash like we thought software
should and zoom and vote
the operating margin is like 39
approaching 40 39
yes so almost for the billion in revenue
zoom info is going to generate almost
400 million of operating income and plus
or minus that for free cash flow it's
insane right and
this is not
self-serve this is a sales driven motion
i don't know that there's any company
that has a motion like this that has
margins like that is there i don't know
of a company that has margins like this
in software periods or zoom i think zoom
might be close right yeah yeah we don't
have a self-service motion we go direct
to customers so those of you who raise
your hand at some point interacted with
the sales rep at zoom info um we grew
now we're also growing the top line we
grew the top line uh 50 plus 50
uh last quarter we did that with 40
operating margins yeah in a world where
historically
nobody cared about operating margins and
when we went public
one of the big conversations we're
having with investors is like why are
you profitable should you be profitable
and for the next
year
there was this constant push about well
what if we take margins down and
increase growth and should we take
margins down more than that and increase
growth and we did actually before we
went public it was more like 44 45
margins and we've taken that down to
just sub 40
to grow the top line but today
it is a much different world
and that happened you know almost
overnight it shifted from
take your margins down and grow your top
line to make sure you maintain those
margins those margins are really really
important yeah so
yeah and so in in
what you were telling me before just to
tease that a little bit as you're going
to ipo people didn't even understand why
you needed to be that profitable it
didn't even make sense to investors
right in the go-go days it was actually
a negative a negative right you must not
you must be too conservative henry
you're not you're not investing properly
right right you don't believe that the
tam is as big as it actually is yeah or
you don't believe the company is as good
as it is because if you did you would
take that money out of margins and you
put it back into growth yeah so there's
and i want to just
chat on it on a couple more points and
then we'll dig into the the 10 the 10
mistakes to a billion in ar
but um
first of all just for the folks to
process it it's it's almost a narrative
violation versus twitter right and you
can either be bootstrapped and grow
slowly um and maybe later grow right or
or you you invest everything right
because you have to fuel growth but to
be able to do this with the sales driven
motion people will tell you it's not
possible but this is a like
any great company is an outlier right
they're all they're all they're all the
public ones are outliers get lubs and
outliers zoom info they're all hashicorp
but it clearly can be done it it don't
have people tell you that it cannot be
done it can be done and just to break it
down both for what are the from a
mechanical sas mechanics perspective
what lets you do that with the sales
driven motion it's the
the go to market efficiency
uh that we drive at the front end drives
the ability to do that at scale so you
know if you if you go fill out a form on
the zoom info website today somebody
will call you within 90 seconds the
person who's calling you has been
algorithmically chosen as the sdr who's
most likely to convert your type of
company and your level of buyer into an
opportunity a demo for an account
executive when you get assigned an
account executive you get a the sdr gets
a ranked list of the account executive
that's most likely to convert that
opportunity to a closed one business and
then all of our account executives are
ranked in four different tiers uh and
based on what tier you're in you get a
higher quality of leads
and you if you're in tier one you get
the best leads if you're in tier two and
you outperform your tier two peers by
twenty percent you can move up to tier
one if you underperform you move down to
tier three and the leads are distributed
based on the quality of the account
executive so it's a lot of science that
goes into the way that we generate the
leads we route the leads and then we
close new business and that drives a 10x
ltb to cac a sub 30 day sales cycle
often deals are closed same day and
these are not like you know two or three
thousand dollar deals is your 20 30 40
50 000 lands and i should know this but
on the marketing side
is because there's no viral i mean maybe
there's a little bit of viral elements
of the product but it ain't much it
ain't much
um is it word of mouth like because
you're marketing you're you're you're at
that cac in a sales drive and the
marketing cost has to be almost zero
like the math doesn't work unless you
can't spend a year
of customer just on marketing it has to
be minuscule right it's got to be weeks
or months yeah so it is it is short um
and
the it's a lot of word of mouth it's a
lot of sem a lot of seo yeah um and then
[Music]
and so that's driving the top of the
funnel for us um
and that yeah that's where we're
investing sem seo but that's the bulk
that's the majority that's the majority
did you did you hack it did you have
some magical growth hacker you found on
uh on
angel list or craigslist or was it just
brute force of just doing it year after
year seo magic force and iteration
constantly okay it's interesting all
right well you can spend the whole time
on that because there's a bit of a
counter narrative
in that but um
but pretty cool but let's go through
this before we do
for folks i do think um and then i want
to let henry do most of the rest of the
talking i do think zoom info is a very
interesting company because it's one of
the ones that more of us have used as a
product than noah as a company you know
we're all still newly public so many but
almost a billion dollars in error 25 000
customers so sorry the average acv i
should do it in my head but 20 about 20
to 30k yeah on average but going more
enterprise um 11 international which we
might not talk about today but you know
data does take a little bit longer but
now it's the fastest growing segment
right 80 or something yeah the
international business is growing uh
plus 80 percent at over 100 million
dollar revenue run rate
and for quite a while bootstrapped right
and i want to get into this but when did
you d bootstrap so we founded the
business i put 25 000 on my credit card
my co-founder put 25 000 on his credit
card uh we grew it profitably without
any outside funding until 2014 2014
we're about a 30 million dollar run rate
and we're running kind of 50 percent
margins
yeah so 30 million
39 right yep and what was was that
looking back now that bootstrap is back
in fashion it went out for a while was
that the right time when they like the
atlassian founders said they waited way
too long right i mean i think they well
maybe there are 40 million or 100
million i can't remember this pretty
pretty significant difference but would
you have waited longer was it the right
time would you have gone earlier knowing
what you know now you know it's hard to
sit here and be a you know about a
billion dollar run rate company and say
like it was wrong
clearly it weren't wrong it was i think
at the time was it was a good time to
take outside funding big outside venture
and did you did you did it accelerate i
should know this but did it accelerate
the business or just more just create
like you could see like the business did
this when you took outside funding got
it um all right i want to chat more
about that but i think we have some of
that embedded i know we're doing a
little context switching but i just it's
such a
it's one of my favorite companies but
it's maybe the most interesting sas
company to study today in this market
there's a sasser post on it
research it learn about it because
you're going to learn more most of you
will learn more from zoom info than
almost any other sas company you can
read about so become become an expert
but
bootstrapping to 30 million getting to a
billion in are but number one not being
honest about your talent um i could
guess what this means but this is
mistake number one yeah so this one is
basically
in the areas of your business where you
have metrics that tell you how good
people are doing it's really easy to be
vigilant about talent so in sales you
see one or two people lagging you know
you need to spend more time with them or
at some point move them out of the
business
everywhere and for me i did sales i
carried a bag the first six years of
zoom info
of zoom info so i also knew how sales
worked and i could just see like okay
that person's not going to work out
let's bring somebody else in in the
other areas of the business where i
wasn't an expert product development
engineering marketing i had inklings
that the people in those departments
weren't working but i wasn't nearly as
vigilant about talent as i was on the
sale side and so the advice here is what
i should have done at those in those
moments was go have informational
interviews with great product
development heads great engineering
heads
great marketing heads and try to compare
the talent that i was meeting through
those interviews to the talent that i
had in house and then acted faster yeah
and so you can convince yourself i don't
really understand engineering and they
told me it's hard so it's probably
really hard and
you have a voice in your head that tells
you like why would that be difficult i
don't understand why that's complicated
and you should listen to that voice and
go
do these informational interviews to
validate it and then move fast on talent
in the early stages as fast as you can
where you find those it's hard to hire
a great one if you've never met a great
one yep absolutely absolutely pretty
much impossible right
i see it in our business today somebody
comes in and they start hiring people
and i'm like wait a second
maybe you don't know what great looks
like because it doesn't look like that
to me
and so yeah you really want to see what
great looks like so you can go try and
find it now we've all made some of those
mistakes
and i think
remember that and i i think i think
entrepreneurs i've learned are much
better at this recently which is hunting
30 great vps of product vps of marketing
and interviewing but if that's not you
if you're not a hunter go do it yep
there are more the good news is today
there are more great vps out there than
ever before right absolutely i mean zoom
info's
directors will become vp's out you hope
they all stay but it will spawn 20 or 30
vps of sales and they will some of them
will talk to you right there's more
veterans so it's not impossible to find
20 or 30 that will talk to you and then
find one great one and then to henry's
point if then you meet your candidate
and something in your back your mind
says they're not great they're not
they're just no chance they're great
yeah it doesn't matter especially if
everyone else likes them that voice
never gets more quiet
it
now interesting question as
what i've learned um is that often
that error repeats itself at the next
stage then maybe you get to 30 million
like we talked about and you need a new
level of management and you don't know
what that level of management worked did
you solve it after the first set of
management or did the error repeat
itself yeah no uh that's a great
question i think
around
200 million of ar you started getting a
you started being confident that you
knew what great looked like and then
when you were out interviewing
you knew
what you were looking for and what
wasn't going on 200 million
you got you got it
yeah it took us a while all right well
that i think that answers the question
um
two there could be a lot in here
thinking my cfo is it is should i
emphasize the my or our or our
no not my our
uh rich can i run the ports through the
business uh henry we raised outside
capital i don't know if that's okay any
longer was never that was never us
but for for this this mistake
for the until we took outside capital
the cfo was somebody who just like did
the books paid the taxes that was his
job as long as that was happening we
were great yeah um you know ran accounts
payable accounts receivable
and when we took outside funding they
said look that's not what a cfo is
supposed to do your cfo should be your
business partner it should be the person
who helps you understand the rhythm of
the business who can create early
warning signals in the business to tell
you when things are going well when
things are going poorly can tell you
where you should focus where you should
take away your focus and double down and
so i didn't think of a cfo like that at
all
i just thought of him as a glorified
accountant when we got a new cfo in a
real cfo
that cfo was able to really articulate
the rhythm of the business he gave
dashboards to the
the department head so they understood
what was going on early
he helped us double down on areas that
made sense where we were like shy he
would say look at this part of the
business look how well it's going you're
barely focusing on it let's double our
investment here and we'll continue to
reap the rewards and so really thinking
about your cfo as a business partner not
purely an accountant is
a valuable lesson and i've seen i've
actually seen
the quality
of heads of finance deteriorate the last
few years oh interesting um i think
there may be two causes one startups are
going faster than ever so however they
did in the beginning they just they
stick with it longer right and some of
it may just be more competition for a
limited number of resources but
to tie that together like
how much can you stretch for the cfo is
a vp of finance good enough like where's
that line
because not everyone can be the the
person that took seven companies public
like how much do you stretch for the cfo
totally i think you can stretch here
especially if you get somebody who has
like an fp a type background a financial
planning and analysis background or
somebody who worked in private equity
and was like an analyst or a vp and is
looking for a change
those those those people have tremendous
horsepower and they understand the
operating side of the business you can
team them up with an accountant who can
do all the nuts and bolts and then that
business partner is going to be able to
learn the accounting and also just drive
the business forward too yeah and how
much
let's hit the next point but how much
can your cfo really help you
model out the future of your business
the next year or two how much can can
they own all of it are they too input
sensitive like how much can they own i
think a lot of it
all all of it basically i mean as long
as you're a good cfo has a really strong
relationship with the business and so
they're constantly meeting the product
heads yeah
the business unit has your sales head
your marketing head and so they have a
feel for the business that's similar to
your feel and so they're not going to
get
tricked into thinking like well
marketing is going to quadruple weeds
next year because they say they're yeah
and so they're they're they're wise
about that yeah my biggest
flag on this higher when it's a stretch
stretch is if they produce the model
they think you want yeah totally
everyone's happy marketing's happy sales
is how everyone's happy and then and
then you just pick at it also requires
is like flat growth the next six months
and the back half of the year will grow
ten years and then it works right
uh this should be the most sober person
in the room you would hope yeah um
all right three not appreciating go to
market we just talked a lot about seo
and sem and others but may that be as a
strategic advantage what does this mean
this one's interesting
we we made go to market really efficient
it's the most efficient go to market uh
it's the most efficient go to market org
in software i think
and
we didn't appreciate that as a strategic
advantage you start thinking of
strategic advantages you end up
oftentimes focused on the product
the reality of the situation is we're
building businesses here and businesses
have so much to do with have a lot more
to do with
go to market and all of the other parts
of a business than just product product
is incredibly important you have to get
it right but if you
myopically focus on product and let the
rest of the business not be a strategic
strategic advantage for you it hurts the
whole business i see this in m a all the
time now we'll go out and do m a and
what i'll see is two companies that are
at parity from a product perspective
both have the same features same
functionality and one is just running a
circle around the other one and
inevitably it's because the other one
just didn't build a great go to market
engine their go to market was
inefficient it wasn't very good it was
scattered and broken and so those are
great acquisitions for us because we can
look at those and go okay that's
fantastic it's a great product a bad a a
bad go to market engine we can come in
and apply
all of our learnings all of our go to
market engine to this underperforming
company and instantly grow them this
happened with chorus we made an
acquisition of a conversation
intelligence product called chorus
course.ai i was growing a honda you've
got up there you've got parody right and
a good team right yeah yeah goodbye
to market absolutely lost the go to
market yeah and it was growing a hundred
percent year over year when we acquired
it within six months it was growing 300
year-over-year and now it's growing 200
year over year and so you can view a
company that has great parity
a great product and it could be under
delivering because there's no focus on
go to market our jobs as founders and
ceos is to make sure that there's an
even distribution of our focus and not
focusing on go to market as a big miss
so i want to come back to this strategic
advantage point you make because i think
it's even more important that it looks
but the chorus one's super interesting
because
yes clearly zoom info has one of the
strongest go-to-mark i mean the numbers
you can't argue it right but chorus is a
different product yeah yeah similar
buyers for sure but it's not the same
different questions different objections
different competitive landscape why does
it
why does it work why were why were you
able to so quickly because it's not
simple it is it is different different
different sheets different everything
why did it really work for the new
product same buyer same buyer same buyer
and
uh simple product and so when we do m a
one of the things we think about is
how quickly can i enable all of the
sales team to be able to sell this and
our sales team are avid users of
conversation intelligence they
understand the value they know how to
talk about it's not a technical sale
we don't have to bring an sc in to have
a conversation about conversation
intelligence so i can get everybody on
the team instantly enabled to take that
out to market
and so that's a special one we bought a
we bought a company called ringlead
that's way more technical sells only to
the enterprise and so it's much more
complicated to get that type of
acceleration but where you have a
product that sells the same buyer goes
up and down smb to enterprise and is
easily enabled that's where you can get
a big lip i think maybe so i think that
the learning there look you went you
there's many ways to go multi-product
acquisition isn't the only one yeah but
when it's the same buyer and similar
motion you have the highest chance of
success absolutely right
so many people get tempted
to take their technology and move it
into a different vertical or a different
buyer because
on a powerpoint it looks very logical
right why don't we just do this to
engineers or to product people but
mostly we see success selling more to
buyers that love us right absolutely
so this one just to wrap this one up but
i think this is a really insightful
point that i missed a bit as an
entrepreneur which is that if you have a
strong go to market team it's a weapon
yes and sometimes we think oh great
we're efficient oh great and we don't
recognize how special that is right if
you have a great go to market team and
that probably your competitors don't and
probably you're a great and you can pull
you've got to triple down you can't
ignore it yeah if you have if you're if
you if you don't have to worry about
sales worry invest more there yeah yeah
absolutely i think the other thing here
is if you're efficient at go to market
guess what you've got more dollars to
put back into the product and the other
parts of the business
yeah
um
okay four
uh let's talk about this for all the
rest of the time um but not getting
there's so many interesting this this is
even bigger than the point looks not
getting your product and engineering
team on sales calls yeah um
and everyone please listen listen in the
back to this one but uh what's the
learning here so first what happens on a
sales call is pretty magical like if
you've built the product
and you've engineered the product
getting on that sales call where
you have a customer or a prospect and
you've got to ask them for money
the most honest feedback ever comes in
that moment
and for someone who's building a product
who's designing a product who's
engineering the product to not be front
and center when that's happening is just
a huge loss
like every
i built product at zoom info
at discoverorg
the first company for the first six
seven years
and i had a tight connection to the
customers because i was also selling
and so i could hear their feedback when
i showed them a new feature i could hear
their feedback when they would talk to
me about what competitors had that we
didn't have
i could hear their feedback when i asked
them for money for the product and they
said well you know i'm getting it a
little bit of this value over here over
there
and our your product people will tell
you like a lot of times they'll tell you
no the engineering and product people
are too busy well fine if you want me to
do it it's going to push back the road
map as long as you're okay with that you
get that in the beginning
in the beginning
yeah and i think it's just so valuable
for a product person to be sitting there
and listening to the feedback directly
from the customer
i actually think it you know we use
conversation intelligence for a big part
of this
so we record the calls and then i and
then i uh mandate that our product
people listen to a certain number of
calls
every week that's a shortcut
but there still is nothing as valuable
as the product person being in the seat
sitting there with the sales people when
you're inevitably going to get punched
in the teeth by a prospect and is ever
everyone on the product engineering time
do they do need to do one a month or is
there still a goal or a cable so on for
us on uh chorus every week we record
when we record all of our sales calls
all of our customer calls and then
they're required in each platform to
listen to five calls each and then write
up the summary of those write it up but
you're writing it up and writing it
happens right and then i ask them like
tell me on the product roadmap what
we're doing that started from a call
listen where you heard a customer say
hey this is a problem and now show me
where those things have shown up on the
product you got to do the write up um
related to this there's a topic i'm
lately super passionate about is i've
realized it's getting worse and worse
too how expert does the sales team need
to be in the product
yeah that's a great question the answer
is it depends on your stage so early on
in
in in the evolution of our company
um when you were creating a kind of
creating a category and people hadn't
heard of the product and you're the only
one in the space and competition was
like really fierce and it was kind of
like more of a duopoly at the time they
have to know a lot about the product
they have to know how to navigate the
product they also have to be usually
really bright
we did a really bad job of hiring sales
people we hired six and then one would
be remaining would hire one five three
months later two would be remaining
we ended up giving essentially a
cognitive test in the early days
and it turned out we gave it to our best
sales reps they scored way high on it
and so then we went and we went back and
we gave it to everybody who was a
prospective sales person the ones who
scored high came in they did a really
great job when the company got bigger
that was just a bottleneck to hiring and
it turned out as the company got bigger
and more people understood what the
product was more the buyers in the
market understood things the product was
more featureful that you didn't really
need like the super high iq person
anymore um and that was just hurting our
ability to scale the sales team and so
it is the the smaller you are the newer
the category is the more they really
need to understand them and if you just
had to
that's a great insight if you had to
guess
when when was that switchover in terms
of arr or stage it probably happened
around 100 million okay well that's i
was going to guess you were going to say
20. so take this away
at 100 million you can go away from the
super smart sales rep that's kind of a
product person yeah that's really
passionate and then you can just do nuts
and bolts sell them
that's late that's late yeah maybe it's
80 million yeah but that's pretty late
uh i've just
what i've found is that during the great
boom
bars were lowered everyone says they
raised the bar but everyone lowered the
bar they lowered the bar in engineering
and and we hired sales folks
not only were they lower but sometimes
we took folks from companies that were
too big
that had a huge brand behind them and
then i watched them come in and know
nothing about the product they need an
se and an engineer to sell a fairly
straightforward product and there's a
zero it's like a version you have to
come up with some version of henry's
cognitive test your own version
and have this this this thespian the
savant this product but they don't maybe
you have to give up a little bit as a
closer maybe right at the margin would
you give up a little bit yeah would you
give up a little bit would you take
someone that in the early days that
deeply knew your product yes but was a
pretty good closer would you give up a
little bit of the closer absolutely
that's the mistake we make right yeah so
after a hundred though you can you can
do nuts and bolts uh maybe you can get
enablement a little bit early but that's
that's actually my big a big learning
for me to hear you say that um now this
one i don't know exactly what it means
number five not real maybe you mean the
ceo's voice not realizing your voice is
important yeah so this one we probably
do quickly um
when we first brought institutional
dollars into the business yeah we had
our second board meeting and on our way
down to dinner after the board meeting i
i leaned over to one of my board members
and i went well first of all this was
the first time professional people
showed up in our company right like we
were just kind of doing stuff and then
now all these people with harvard mbas
and penn undergrads and then went to
princeton now they're reading our
financials and asking us questions
and my first reaction to that was oh
they're really smart people like just
tell me what to do and i'll go do it in
the business and i said that to one of
our board members i said hey look you
guys just tell me what you want me to do
i'll go do that
and he went no that's not how this works
like we don't know the day-to-day
operating of your company we don't know
the insides and outs of the company
we're going to give you advice that's
kind of general based on things that
we've seen you your obligation is to
listen to it and then decide what you're
going to do with it but it's not for us
to tell you something that you then go
do that's not the right structure
and i think like when we talked jason
last time you said you can kind of get
into this feeling that they start
treating you like their older son
and so they're like oh hey buddy like go
do this thing and they're not actually
telling you these things to do or you
should not take it that way your voice
about what's actually happening in the
company and how you can actually execute
against that advice is really important
so oftentimes i find myself saying like
that's a that's really good advice the
product team is in no place to be able
to execute against that right now maybe
six months from now maybe a year from
now when we do this and do that and line
these things up but right now great
great advice not something i'm gonna go
do right away it just doesn't make sense
in our current construct and so being
honest and giving that feedback back to
your board instead of feeling like
you're just an order taker is really
important yeah i think the rough but it
took me a while to appreciate it but i
think your board gives you some of your
best advice and some of your worst
advice absolutely and about without
knowing it and about equal measure and
you got it it's your job to realize you
have to decide right and the bad advice
isn't wrong but it's wrong for you and
if you if you if you overreact to it it
can be the time to be right yep yeah we
used to talk about that every startup
had a feature that was just for an
investor yeah there was one we had a
notes tab and it said like oh i want to
write notes on my document we built it 0
zero percent usage but but it took a day
right but but take too much of that bad
advice
uh especially these days when like sas
is on fire but the private markets and
vcs aren't you're gonna get crazy advice
all over the place and it's got you you
your voice matters absolutely
okay six i love this one i think almost
all of us
learn this as almost all that matters
later right but not knowing how that you
have to develop people probably
especially your best people this is your
job yeah like this is your job you're
not gonna go get every superstar out
there to come work for your little
company your startup it's just they're
not available
my head of new business sale
sales before he came to zoom info was a
caddy he was a caddy on a golf course my
uh chief revenue officer um was a
professional poker player uh who was a
2.5 gpa in a you know in not a great
school
um
my our current uh chief operating
officer was our director of sales
operations just six years ago
and what you realize is it is your job
to develop these people into champions
into world-class leaders that's our job
because you're not gonna go out and get
the best people from salesforce or
bill.com or wherever you're gonna get
people who are not those people who have
an aspiration for the future of being
those people the same way we all do in
our startup and you've got to develop
those people along with you that is the
that is
like that is the most important thing
that you can do and i think one i hired
somebody from a big company once he came
in
and he started running our sdr team it
was right after an acquisition and there
was one guy on the on the sdr team who
he was having trouble with and he sent
me a message and he was like oh i hate
to tell you this but this guy's not
working out i don't know what to do it's
like have you told him
oh no i haven't really relayed that
feedback directly are you working with
him to improve him no i'm not really
doing that yet well listen we build
champions at this company and you're not
even trying to build a champion at this
company you're just throwing your arms
up it's like we have to develop the
people around us when we get somebody in
the door it's our job to make them into
champions and everybody has to go in
with that mentality let me ask you two
follow-up questions one is what do you
do when they're good but they plateau
what do you do when they're good and
they plateau that's interesting you tell
them
you go listen you used to be really
great and now you're not so great
anymore and like let's talk about what's
changed that's caused this plateau some
people burn out and they need to move to
a different area in the business and so
we do that often
and then the question really becomes one
of opportunity cost so
and let's just use the sales example
because it's easy but when you think
about it in terms of opportunity cost if
i take a lead and i give it to that
plateaued person versus i take a lead
and i give it to one of my up and comers
where am i losing money by keeping that
person on the books and when it starts
looking like for every additional lead
that i give the plateau or i'm hurting
the overall business because one of my
up and comers would take that lead and
convert it better and focus on it more
then it's easy to make the decision that
you need to move on but i think the
number one thing and people are terrible
at this but the number one thing is
you've got to give that feedback you've
got to give them an opportunity to hear
where they're falling down and lay out
expectations for them if you haven't
done that yet then you're really not in
a place to do anything even to the
mediocre you give feedback even to the
mediocre yeah that one i'm still
learning i i don't find that it's
effective too yeah that's interesting
mediocre i just think it's we're
obligated to give that feedback whether
it lands or not we are obligated to give
it all right one follow-up on this
a different type of plateauing when you
have a director or a vp
and they're great but
they're great up to a million dollars a
month in bookings or 2 million they're
not they're they plateaued in a
different way like they just don't have
the skills they have the right skills to
manage sales at 30 but not 60 or 90.
but they can still do the job at 30.
do you bring in more of them do you let
them go how do you top them how do you
how how do you retain the folks that are
great but they have reached their just
their their their limit you bring in so
i we often bring in somebody above that
person somebody who's seen that next
stage
the key about this is and we've done it
all across our business
the key about this is
you have to get somebody who's actually
better than that person to go above them
because if you mess up that higher then
it's a real mess so
if you go like uh when we hired our
first chro i went to our existing head
of hr who had grown up at the company
and i said look
if you trust me i'm gonna get someone
that you're gonna learn a lot from over
the next few years who's seen it before
that you're going to be able to grow
with and i'm not going to get bamboozled
into the next hire i'm going to do a
good job of getting the next person and
you'll be able to grow and learn from
them and you know that usually works if
you get the right person then it really
works because they come in and then
right away the person who you topped
went like okay i got it yeah i don't i
didn't know those things
so we we top them no that's good point i
think that's that's the
we think we don't make the mistake but
they have to be clearly better than the
person being clearly better than that
and the person being taught may not they
usually get it at least in a couple
weeks yes not always maybe they're they
sort of get in the interview process but
they'll get it quickly and if you if you
fudge they just have the experience but
they're they're pure or worse it's it
never they never really they all leave
yeah all the talent leaves right
absolutely
all right seven not adding great people
first before optimization because this
isn't how startups work yeah you just
hire the bodies yeah and then you do the
enablement later yeah so what we did was
we optimized everything and so
like in in all of the manager functions
in sales and customer success they were
automated follow-up emails were
automated everything was like
very automated so your span of control
was huge you'd have one manager to like
19 people or something
you'd build so much automation when we
acquired this uh we acquired a business
called zoom info then changed our name
when we acquired zoom in field they had
a different approach they hired great
managers who inspired and coached and
trained their people they had no
optimization no automation
and they were growing faster and so one
of the learnings is where you have
something that's going really well
that's a good opportunity to add more
people to that and it doesn't have to be
perfectly optimized you can get to
optimization later but hire the great
people into the org that's working
really well and then think about
optimization don't i guess i missed it
it's don't pre-optimize don't
pre-optimize yeah it doesn't get that's
going really well you don't have to
pre-optimize
all right eight not understanding
questions about your decisions questions
from whom from everybody like anyone
anyway often times i would like have and
this happens more often less often with
me today more often with the people
underneath me but they'll go present
something to our cfo
and they'll leave the meeting and go
like oh
cameron's not supportive of this i'll go
well why why is cameron not supportive
this sounds like something cameron is
totally supportive of well he asked me
this and he asked me that and he asked
me this and he asked me that it's like
okay that sounds like cameron trying to
understand how you came to this decision
yeah not cameron telling you he doesn't
support the decision
and people can get all wrapped around
this and so it's just really important
to understand that when you're
when people are questioning you
questioning decisions that you're making
it's not them questioning
the decision or you specifically they're
just trying to understand how you got
there
and so
hearing those questions and going okay i
understand why they're asking it they
want to know what my decision-making
process was what the inputs were how i
made that decision that's very different
than this is a dumb idea
and they hear oftentimes this is a dumb
idea they don't hear like hey bring me
along
is there any manage leadership trick you
have to get the right amount of
questions like none isn't good and too
many is overwhelming right no i don't
have a good hack no trick for that one
oh yeah but people ask you questions
people ask me questions all the time
yeah and like i understand today like
they haven't
i have them i have more information
about the company about our investors
about our customers about marketing
about product than anybody else on the
team i just have more information coming
in than anybody and so when i make a
decision it is it is my obligation to
bring people along and share the inputs
to that decision so that they all can
get behind it yeah i think that's that's
that's my big takeaway make sure you get
enough questions because they are the
vehicle to bring people along right they
are they haven't they have a value far
beyond themselves they bring people
along and and to see us sometimes we
make more too many decisions without
bringing people along because they're
clearly the right decision
and it's going to backfire on you 20 of
the time right yeah you got it you got
to just like grooming your team or
growing your team you got it you got to
put in the time on the quest it's way
easier to get alignment when you're
answering these questions i actually
think i don't know
i actually think
in in the earliest days this is the most
valuable part of an e-staff meeting or a
staff meeting is to get it doesn't
matter everyone presents but the cross
questions it's a format that forces
people once a week to ask these
questions yeah and then for people to
articulate how they got there yeah
um okay nine not okay this this should
be pretty tactical yeah not having the
right accounts we probably all have the
wrong account structure yeah what do we
do what do we learn at any moment in
time you have the wrong account
structure uh i think the key thing here
is number one segment your customers
don't treat them all the same that's
like basic i'm sure like one of jason's
very first post said that but people
wait these days
yeah that's interesting they wait longer
than you might think a certain amount of
customers before segmentation makes
sense but once you get there
segmentation makes sense no question
about it might be by industry it might
be by size whatever it is you should be
thinking about segmenting your customer
base now the
learning here is you're never really
done
you're always re-segmenting i'll give
you an example
we segmented by by size and growth
potential
and so if you were an enterprise company
with high growth potential we segmented
you together you had an account manager
who managed a bunch of enterprise
accounts well it turned out in a group
of 15 enterprise accounts you often had
12 that were spending 500 thousand to a
million dollars or more with you and
then you had three that were spending
fifty thousand dollars a year high
potential to grow fifty thousand dollar
customers guess who was getting no
attention by the account manager all of
those sub 50k large enterprise accounts
that got landed small and so we went
okay
that's bad and you saw it all the way
across the business so we pulled those
50 000
and below accounts from the enterprise
and we created a different segmentation
just for those and immediately you saw
results what just what'd you name them
out of just from a learning what'd you
call them
i think we called them sub 50k
enterprise
but a dedicated but it's this this
happens to all of us right that once you
segment the small guys in each segment
get ignored
by sales and customer success so you
pull them out maybe even doubling your
segments and you put a team and your job
is to grow 50k to 100k or whatever the
number is yeah yep
cool well any other learning on the
account structure no that's it it's
always changing yeah and when did you
i i literally got an email well this is
maybe six months ago but from a ceo
a cred it's a company where the the ceo
is an incredible sales leader like with
decades of experiencing at over 100
million we're just segmenting our
customer base now yeah interesting um
and that's that's not i mean i don't
know that made a hundred but i talked to
more more founders and sometimes they
just want to share everything or they
don't want to break what's working but i
think we're later to segmenting do you
remember when you start started doing it
diligently um diligently yeah probably
around um
actually that's a good question probably
around 80 million
probably waited longer yeah so now
you're thinking all these are early days
at a billion in revenue yeah yeah yeah i
think eight is like i think because i
think i think by the time you have 100
customers you can segment them can't you
even 100. you'll see patterns in 100.
yes and if you don't start segmenting
out those way late by the way way too
late yeah yeah right yeah i mean you did
okay but but yeah way too late
all right the the last one on this one
um
not practicing difficult conversations i
might be getting worse at this one okay
what does this one mean yeah so this one
is
look all of us have to have difficult
conversations with our peers with our
staff they're never very fun um
but
i think
what my team started thinking was well
once or the people at zoom info started
thing well once you're the ceo
these are just super easy you just like
roll out in the morning and you go have
a bunch of difficult conversations with
your team that is not the case i
practice these
so
before i have
most of my difficult conversations i
have said those words out loud
uh i have practiced and thought through
how
my direct report is going to react to it
i'm thinking about like what i would say
based on that reaction and i'm actually
practicing how i give the feedback
and it's really important like
the times where i just go into a
conversation no practice and try to give
feedback versus the times where i
actually practice it out loud and give
the feedback the result is you know on
completely different extremes do you
literally do the mirror thing that some
people do i don't stand in front of a
mirror
people do that yeah sometimes you'll
walk into the restroom and you'll see it
even once in a while i just say it out
loud somewhere i say it out loud to
myself and then i can hear
how sometimes it sounds stupid right
like my first inclination was very bad
and so it gives me an opportunity to
iterate against it and then those
conversations become much easier these
are very important to practice and and
how often do you do this per month or
per week do you do i probably do this
per week two or three times
because i think this is a good learning
for me for all of us i think as we scale
maybe we do less of this intuitively
because we know so much we think we can
just shoot from the hip on these
difficult conversations yeah you can but
if in a billion and error it's gotten
more and more valuable i'm gonna i'm
gonna take that away myself
um well let me just see i think we're
out of time or might have gone over oh
we are out of time um otherwise i take
some questions but henry thank you so
much for this this was great thank you
[Music]
you